docs/data-sources/virtual_machine.md, before:

---
page_title: "Data Source: Virtual Machine"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  We can read a VM of VmWare Workstation with this kind of data source.
---

# Data Source vmworkstation_virtual_machine

We can read a VM of VmWare Workstation with this kind of data source.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `denomination` (String) This will be the name that we can see in the VmWare Workstation.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Here will have all the description about of the VM, e.g. extra information regarding the purpose of the VM or which is the user and pass of the VM.
- `id` (String) When the VM is created the VMWare Workstation Provider assign a new ID at this VM.
- `ip` (String) When the VM is in PowerON state, we can see which IP have the VM in order to connect with the VM.
- `memory` (Number) This will be the amount of Memory that the VM will have.
- `path` (String) Where is the folder where we have the .vmx file of the VM, normally we have this file in the default folder of the VmWare Workstation config.
- `processors` (Number) This will be the amount of Processors that the VM will have.
- `state` (String) That will be state of the VM, that's means that we can have a PowerON VM (on) or a PowerOFF VM (off).

## Example Usage

/home/usuario/go/src/github.com/elsudano/terraform-provider-vmworkstation/examples/data-sources/vmworkstation_virtual_machine/data-source.tf

```terraform
data "vmworkstation_datasource_vm" "parentvm" {
  denomination = "parentvm"
}
```

Commit message:

doc: We have generated all the documentation for this new version.

docs/data-sources/virtual_machine.md, after:

---
page_title: "Data Source: Virtual Machine"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  With this item we can read all the properties that we have in our VmWare Workstation Pro folder data,
  this means, that we can load a VM of our infrastructure in case that we want to change it properties.
  Basically we can read the resources of a VM and then handling this properties with terraform.
---

# Data Source vmworkstation_virtual_machine

With this item we can read all the properties that we have in our VmWare Workstation Pro folder data,
this means, that we can load a VM of our infrastructure in case that we want to change it properties.

Basically we can read the resources of a VM and then handling this properties with terraform.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `denomination` (String) This will be the name that we can see in the VmWare Workstation.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Here will have all the description about of the VM, e.g. extra information regarding the purpose of the VM or which is the user and pass of the VM.
- `id` (String) When the VM is created the VMWare Workstation Provider assign a new ID at this VM.
- `ip` (String) When the VM is in PowerON state, we can see which IP have the VM in order to connect with the VM.
- `memory` (Number) This will be the amount of Memory that the VM will have.
- `path` (String) Where is the folder where we have the .vmx file of the VM, normally we have this file in the default folder of the VmWare Workstation config.
- `processors` (Number) This will be the amount of Processors that the VM will have.
- `state` (String) That will be state of the VM, that's means that we can have a PowerON VM (on) or a PowerOFF VM (off).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "vmworkstation_datasource_vm" "parentvm" {
  denomination = "parentvm"
}
```
