README.md, before:

# Terraform VMware Workstation Pro Provider

In the Terraform registry you can download the latest version of this provider 

https://registry.terraform.io/providers/elsudano/vmworkstation/latest

This is the repository for the Terraform VMware Workstation Pro Provider, which one can use
with Terraform to work with [VMware Workstation][vmware-workstation] Products.

[vmware-workstation]: https://www.vmware.com/products/workstation-pro.html

This provider is inpirated on [vSphere Provider][vmware-vsphere]

[vmware-vsphere]: https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-vsphere

For general information about Terraform, visit the [official
website][tf-website] and the [GitHub project page][tf-github].

[tf-website]: https://terraform.io/
[tf-github]: https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform

# Using the Provider

The current version of this provider requires Terraform v0.10.2 or higher to
run.

Note that you need to run `terraform init` to fetch the provider before
deploying. Read about the provider split and other changes to TF v0.13.0 in the
official release announcement found [here][tf-0.13-announce].

[tf-0.13-announce]: https://www.hashicorp.com/blog/announcing-the-terraform-0-13-beta/

## Full Provider Documentation

The provider is documented in full on the [GitHub][github-docs] website.
Check the provider documentation for details on entering your connection information and
how to get started with writing configuration for vSphere resources.

[github-docs]: https://github.com/elsudano/terraform-provider-vmworkstation

### Controlling the provider version

Note that you can also control the provider version. This requires the use of a
`provider` block in your Terraform configuration if you have not added one
already.

The syntax is as follows:

```hcl
provider "vmworkstation" {
  version = "~> 0.1.0"
  ...
}
```

Version locking uses a pessimistic operator, so this version lock would mean
anything within the 1.x namespace, including or after 1.5.0. [Read
more][provider-vc] on provider version control.

[provider-vc]: https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/providers.html#provider-versions

# Building The Provider

**NOTE:** Unless you are [developing](#developing-the-provider) or require a
pre-release bugfix or feature, you will want to use the officially released
version of the provider (see [the section above](#using-the-provider)).

## Cloning the Project

First, you will want to clone the repository to
`$GOPATH/src/github.com/elsudano/terraform-provider-vmworkstation`:

```sh
mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/github.com/elsudano
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/elsudano
git clone git@github.com:elsudano/terraform-provider-vmworkstation
```

## Running the Build

After the clone has been completed, you can enter the provider directory and
build the provider.

```sh
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/elsudano/terraform-provider-vmworkstation
make build
```

## Installing the Local Plugin

After the build is complete, copy the `terraform-provider-vmworkstation` binary into
the same path as your `terraform` binary, and re-run `terraform init`.

After this, your project-local `.terraform/plugins/ARCH/lock.json` (where `ARCH`
matches the architecture of your machine) file should contain a SHA256 sum that
matches the local plugin. Run `shasum -a 256` on the binary to verify the values
match.

# Developing the Provider

**NOTE:** Before you start work on a feature, please make sure to check the
[issue tracker][gh-issues] and existing [pull requests][gh-prs] to ensure that
work is not being duplicated. For further clarification, you can also ask in a
new issue.

[gh-issues]: https://github.com/elsudano/terraform-provider-vmworkstation/issues
[gh-prs]: https://github.com/elsudano/terraform-provider-vmworkstation/pulls

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go][go-website]
installed on your machine (version 1.9+ is **required**). You'll also need to
correctly setup a [GOPATH][gopath], as well as adding `$GOPATH/bin` to your
`$PATH`.

[go-website]: https://golang.org/
[gopath]: http://golang.org/doc/code.html#GOPATH

See [Building the Provider](#building-the-provider) for details on building the provider.

# Testing the Provider

**NOTE:** Pending

## Configuring Environment Variables

**NOTE:** Pending

Commit message:

New version - We have added a new funcionality to register instance on the GUI of VmWare - Also, we have fixed some previous issues

README.md, after:

# Terraform VMware Workstation Pro Provider

In the Terraform registry you can download the latest version of this provider 

https://registry.terraform.io/providers/elsudano/vmworkstation/latest

This is the repository for the Terraform VMware Workstation Pro Provider, which one can use
with Terraform to work with [VMware Workstation][vmware-workstation] Products.

[vmware-workstation]: https://www.vmware.com/products/workstation-pro.html

This provider is inpirated on [vSphere Provider][vmware-vsphere]

[vmware-vsphere]: https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-vsphere

For general information about Terraform, visit the [official
website][tf-website] and the [GitHub project page][tf-github].

[tf-website]: https://terraform.io/
[tf-github]: https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform

# Using the Provider

The current version of this provider requires Terraform v0.10.2 or higher to
run.

Note that you need to run `terraform init` to fetch the provider before
deploying. Read about the provider split and other changes to TF v0.13.0 in the
official release announcement found [here][tf-0.13-announce].

[tf-0.13-announce]: https://www.hashicorp.com/blog/announcing-the-terraform-0-13-beta/

## Full Provider Documentation

The provider is documented in full on the [GitHub][github-docs] website.
Check the provider documentation for details on entering your connection information and
how to get started with writing configuration for vSphere resources.

[github-docs]: https://github.com/elsudano/terraform-provider-vmworkstation

### Controlling the provider version

Note that you can also control the provider version. This requires the use of a
`provider` block in your Terraform configuration if you have not added one
already.

The syntax is as follows:

```hcl
provider "vmworkstation" {
  version = "~> 0.1.0"
  ...
}
```

Version locking uses a pessimistic operator, so this version lock would mean
anything within the 1.x namespace, including or after 1.5.0. [Read
more][provider-vc] on provider version control.

[provider-vc]: https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/providers.html#provider-versions

# Building The Provider

**NOTE:** Unless you are [developing](#developing-the-provider) or require a
pre-release bugfix or feature, you will want to use the officially released
version of the provider (see [the section above](#using-the-provider)).

## Cloning the Project

First, you will want to clone the repository to
`$GOPATH/src/github.com/elsudano/terraform-provider-vmworkstation`:

```sh
mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/github.com/elsudano
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/elsudano
git clone git@github.com:elsudano/terraform-provider-vmworkstation
```

## Running the Build

After the clone has been completed, you can enter the provider directory and
build the provider.

```sh
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/elsudano/terraform-provider-vmworkstation
make build
```
## Debbuging

To debbug the differents issues in the provider, please use the environment variable TF_LOG_PATH

Normaly, you can enable the logs in Terraform setting this two environment vars:

```sh
export TF_LOG=TRACE # INFO, DEBUG, TRACE
export TF_LOG_PATH="terraform.log"
```

Also, you can enable the debug flag for the VMWORKSTATION provider setting the environment var:

```sh
export VMWS_DEBUG=true
```

## Installing the Local Plugin

After the build is complete, copy the `terraform-provider-vmworkstation` binary into
the same path as your `terraform` binary, and re-run `terraform init`.

After this, your project-local `.terraform/plugins/ARCH/lock.json` (where `ARCH`
matches the architecture of your machine) file should contain a SHA256 sum that
matches the local plugin. Run `shasum -a 256` on the binary to verify the values
match.

# Developing the Provider

**NOTE:** Before you start work on a feature, please make sure to check the
[issue tracker][gh-issues] and existing [pull requests][gh-prs] to ensure that
work is not being duplicated. For further clarification, you can also ask in a
new issue.

[gh-issues]: https://github.com/elsudano/terraform-provider-vmworkstation/issues
[gh-prs]: https://github.com/elsudano/terraform-provider-vmworkstation/pulls

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go][go-website]
installed on your machine (version 1.9+ is **required**). You'll also need to
correctly setup a [GOPATH][gopath], as well as adding `$GOPATH/bin` to your
`$PATH`.

[go-website]: https://golang.org/
[gopath]: http://golang.org/doc/code.html#GOPATH

See [Building the Provider](#building-the-provider) for details on building the provider.

# Testing the Provider

**NOTE:** Pending

## Configuring Environment Variables

**NOTE:** Pending
