---
page_title: "Provider: VmWare Workstation Pro"
description: |-
  A Terraform provider to work with VmWare Workstation Pro, allowing management of virtual machines and other VMware resources. Supports management through VmWare Workstation Pro.
---

# VmWare Workstation Pro Provider

The VmWare Workstation Pro provider gives Terraform the ability to work with [VmWare Workstation Pro Products][vmware-workstation].
This provider can be used to manage many aspects of a VmWare Workstation Pro environment, including
Virtual Machines, Shared Folders and Networking.

Use the navigation on the left to read about the various resources and data sources supported by this provider.

~> NOTE: This provider requires API REST (vmrest) enable on VmWare Workstation Pro.

[vmware-workstation]: https://www.vmware.com/products/workstation-pro.html

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `endpoint` (String) That's would be the endpoint where we have our VmREST service of VmWare Workstation Pro,
ideally you can configure this value in the provider block of your code, but if you want
You can use the *VMWS_ENDPOINT* environment variable to set this value as well.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) That's would be the password that we have configured in our VmREST service of VmWare Workstation Pro,
When you run the vmrest command you can configure the password to access at this API.
You can use the *VMWS_PASSWORD* environment variable to set this value.
- `username` (String) That's would be the username that we have configured in our VmREST service of VmWare Workstation Pro,
When you run the vmrest command you can configure the username to access at this API.
You can use the *VMWS_USERNAME* environment variable to set this value.

### Optional

- `debug` (String) As a piece of software this provider can will be improved, for that reason if you suspect that you found
an issue in the provider, you can enable the debug mode with this field, you have 3 modes NONE, WARN and ERROR.
This levels have been selected from this [link][logging-severity].
You can use the *VMWS_DEBUG* environment variable to set this value.

[logging-severity]: https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/framework/diagnostics#severity
- `https` (Boolean) As you konw the VmREST service of VmWare Workstation Pro, can work in HTTP or HTTPS depending if you create
a certificate and run with this certificate the vmrest command or not, for that reason you will need
set at TRUE if you generate the certificate or set FALSE if you want to work in HTTP protocol.
You can use the *VMWS_HTTPS* environment variable to set this value.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "vmworkstation" {
  endpoint = "https://localhost:8697/api"
  username = "Admin"
  password = "Adm1n#01"
  https    = true
  debug    = "NONE" // NONE, INFO, ERROR, DEBUG
}
```

## Known Issues:

* We know that we can't change the Denomination and Description of the VM's because the API Rest fails, we are working on this issue trying to fix it a soon as possible.
* The parallelism, as you know Terraform has the option to create different resources at the same time, but the API Rest of VmWare Workstation PRO hasn't the option to create multiple resources at the same time, for that reason, you will need to use the flag -parallelism=1 when you run the command Terraform.