docs/index.md, before:

---
page_title: "Provider: VmWare Workstation Pro"
description: |-
  A Terraform provider to work with VmWare Workstation Pro, allowing management of virtual machines and other VMware resources. Supports management through VmWare Workstation Pro.
---

# VmWare Workstation Pro Provider

The VmWare Workstation Pro provider gives Terraform the ability to work with VmWare Workstation Pro Products,
notably [VmWare Workstation Pro][vmware-workstation]. This provider can be used to manage many aspects of a
VmWare Workstation Pro environment, including virtual machines, datastores, and more.

Use the navigation on the left to read about the various resources and data sources supported by the provider.

~> NOTE: This provider requires API REST enable on VmWare Workstation Pro.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `endpoint` (String) The URL for connect to the API REST.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The user password for VMWare Workstation Pro API REST operations.
- `username` (String) The username to use in the API calls.

### Optional

- `debug` (String) Enable debug for find errors.
- `https` (Boolean) When this have set to true the 'url' connect to over https.

## Example Usage

/home/usuario/go/src/github.com/elsudano/terraform-provider-vmworkstation/examples/provider/provider.tf

```terraform
provider "vmworkstation" {
  endpoint = "https://localhost:8697/api"
  username = "Admin"
  password = "Adm1n#01"
  https    = true
  debug    = "NONE" // DEBUG, ERROR, INFO, NONE
}
```

Commit message:

doc: We have renamed the files in order to create a new resources in the future. We have changed the behavior of the documentation in order to give better information depending of the resource

docs/index.md, after:

---
page_title: "Provider: VmWare Workstation Pro"
description: |-
  A Terraform provider to work with VmWare Workstation Pro, allowing management of virtual machines and other VMware resources. Supports management through VmWare Workstation Pro.
---

# VmWare Workstation Pro Provider

The VmWare Workstation Pro provider gives Terraform the ability to work with [VmWare Workstation Pro Products][vmware-workstation].
This provider can be used to manage many aspects of a VmWare Workstation Pro environment, including
Virtual Machines, Shared Folders and Networking.

Use the navigation on the left to read about the various resources and data sources supported by this provider.

~> NOTE: This provider requires API REST (vmrest) enable on VmWare Workstation Pro.

[vmware-workstation]: https://www.vmware.com/products/workstation-pro.html

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `endpoint` (String) That's would be the endpoint where we have our VmREST service of VmWare Workstation Pro,
ideally you can configure this value in the provider block of your code, but if you want
You can use the *VMWS_ENDPOINT* environment variable to set this value as well.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) That's would be the password that we have configured in our VmREST service of VmWare Workstation Pro,
When you run the vmrest command you can configure the password to access at this API.
You can use the *VMWS_PASSWORD* environment variable to set this value.
- `username` (String) That's would be the username that we have configured in our VmREST service of VmWare Workstation Pro,
When you run the vmrest command you can configure the username to access at this API.
You can use the *VMWS_USERNAME* environment variable to set this value.

### Optional

- `debug` (String) As a piece of software this provider can will be improved, for that reason if you suspect that you found
an issue in the provider, you can enable the debug mode with this field, you have 3 modes NONE, WARN and ERROR.
This levels have been selected from this [link][logging-severity].
You can use the *VMWS_DEBUG* environment variable to set this value.

[logging-severity]: https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/framework/diagnostics#severity
- `https` (Boolean) As you konw the VmREST service of VmWare Workstation Pro, can work in HTTP or HTTPS depending if you create
a certificate and run with this certificate the vmrest command or not, for that reason you will need
set at TRUE if you generate the certificate or set FALSE if you want to work in HTTP protocol.
You can use the *VMWS_HTTPS* environment variable to set this value.

## Example Usage

/home/usuario/go/src/github.com/elsudano/terraform-provider-vmworkstation/examples/provider/provider.tf

```terraform
provider "vmworkstation" {
  endpoint = "https://localhost:8697/api"
  username = "Admin"
  password = "Adm1n#01"
  https    = true
  debug    = "NONE" // NONE, WARN, ERROR
}
```
