---
page_title: "Resource: Virtual Machine"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  We can create a VM within of VmWare Workstation with this kind of resource.
---

# Resource vmworkstation_resource_vm

We can create a VM within of VmWare Workstation with this kind of resource.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `memory` (Number) This will be the amount of Memory that the VM will have.
- `path` (String) Where is the folder where we have the .vmx file of the VM, normally we have this file in the default folder of the VmWare Workstation config.
- `processors` (Number) This will be the amount of Processors that the VM will have.
- `sourceid` (String) The VmWare Workstation Provider needs a ID of a created VM to clone this VM in the new one with the new parameters.

### Optional

- `denomination` (String) This will be the name that we can see in the VmWare Workstation.
- `description` (String) Here will have all the description about of the VM, e.g. extra information regarding the purpose of the VM or which is the user and pass of the VM.
- `state` (String) That will be state of the VM, that's means that we can have a PowerON VM (on) or a PowerOFF VM (off).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) When the VM is created the VMWare Workstation Provider assign a new ID at this VM.
- `ip` (String) When the VM is in PowerON state, we can see which IP have the VM in order to connect with the VM.

## Example Usage

/home/usuario/go/src/github.com/elsudano/terraform-provider-vmworkstation/examples/resources/vmworkstation_resource_vm/resource.tf

```terraform
resource "vmworkstation_resource_vm" "vm" {
  sourceid     = data.vmworkstation_datasource_vm.parentvm.id
  denomination = "test01"
  description  = "This VM is just for testing purpose"
  path         = "D:\\VirtualMachines\\test01\\test01.vmx" // Windows annotation
  processors   = 2
  memory       = 1024
  state        = "off"
}
```
