---
page_title: "Resource: Virtual Machine"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The principal resource of VmWare Workstation Pro is a Virtual Machine, with this resource we can create a
  clone from a VM that we had in our VmWare Workstation Pro folder.
  With this resource we can create our own VM, first we will clone a "Parent VM" and the we can change the properties.
---

# Resource vmworkstation_virtual_machine

The principal resource of VmWare Workstation Pro is a Virtual Machine, with this resource we can create a
clone from a VM that we had in our VmWare Workstation Pro folder.

With this resource we can create our own VM, first we will clone a "Parent VM" and the we can change the properties.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `memory` (Number) This will be the amount of Memory that the VM will have.
- `path` (String) Where is the folder where we have the .vmx file of the VM, normally we have this file in the default folder of the VmWare Workstation config.
- `processors` (Number) This will be the amount of Processors that the VM will have.
- `sourceid` (String) The VmWare Workstation Provider needs a ID of a created VM to clone this VM in the new one with the new parameters.

### Optional

- `denomination` (String) This will be the name that we can see in the VmWare Workstation.
- `description` (String) Here will have all the description about of the VM, e.g. extra information regarding the purpose of the VM or which is the user and pass of the VM.
- `state` (String) That will be state of the VM, that's means that we can have a PowerON VM (on) or a PowerOFF VM (off).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) When the VM is created the VMWare Workstation Provider assign a new ID at this VM.
- `ip` (String) When the VM is in PowerON state, we can see which IP have the VM in order to connect with the VM.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vmworkstation_resource_vm" "vm" {
  sourceid     = data.vmworkstation_datasource_vm.parentvm.id
  denomination = "test01"
  description  = "This VM is just for testing purpose"
  path         = "D:\\VirtualMachines\\test01\\test01.vmx" // Windows annotation
  processors   = 2
  memory       = 1024
  state        = "off"
}
```

## Limitations

As you know all the virtual machines needs drivers to handling the different parts of the virtual hardware it have.
For that reason the Parent VM that we will use to clone in a new VM needs the VmTools drivers installed before to use it,
because if we want to know which is the IP of our new VM, VmWare Workstations needs to use these drivers to know all this information.

KNOWN ISSUES:

* We know that we can't change the Denomination and Description of the VM's because the API Rest fails, we are working on this issue trying to fix it a soon as possible.
* The parallelism, as you know Terraform has the option to create different resources at the same time, but the API Rest of VmWare Workstation PRO hasn't the option to create multiple resources at the same time, for that reason, you will need to use the flag -parallelism=1 when you run the command Terraform.